hey I'm Joel gehrman and I'm a resident
chef here at sur La Table and today
we're gonna talk about coffee versus
espresso so what's the big difference
espresso is applying pressure while
brewing now what this does is it
releases hundreds of flavor profiles
into the cup it produces a slightly
thickened dark liquid with a creamy
layer of white on top called the crema
the crema locks in the aroma and the
flavor profiles of the espresso it's the
hallmark to a great cup of espresso now
coffee is when you take ground coffee
beans and you pour hot water over the
top allowing the water to filter through
the beans what this does is it's a
little slower of a process but the beans
are in contact with the water longer
actually a cup of coffee has more
caffeine in it than a cup of espresso so
we're gonna highlight three espresso
machines today and we're gonna start
with our fully automatic OneTouch coffee
center now what's great about this it's
for the person who wants a very
consistent cup of coffee or coffee
beverage but doesn't want to go through
the manual process of doing it so all I
have to do is just touch one button and
it grinds tamps brews and cleans in
under 60 seconds which is amazing so the
touch of one button we just made a
really beautiful cappuccino
if cappuccino is not your drink you can
choose from a variety of different
drinks with this machine so you can
customize it to anything that you're
craving for that day so a pod or capsule
based machine delivers a consistent
espresso every single time and it's
super easy to use they come in these
little pods that are vacuum sealed that
keeps the grounds extremely fresh you
just open up the chamber pop it in and
hit the button
so as you can see it delivers a
fantastic layer of crema and it also
takes up really small space on your
countertop so you have small kitchen at
home or an apartment this is ideal
a traditional espresso machine is for
the person who wants to play barista at
home it's for someone who enjoys the
journey as much as the cup of espresso
you get to grind your own beans tamp
them and really have full control of
whatever drink you're making at home
it's truly an artist machine it's got a
milk nozzle so you can control the
frothiness and the amount of milk that
goes into your drink automatic coffee
makers are the easiest way to enjoy
traditional drip coffee at home some of
them have bean grinders built into them
so you can enjoy the epitome of coffee
every single time now when you wake up
in the morning you can actually set it
so you have hot coffee waiting for you
the bottom has a big carafe it stays hot
and also serves a ton of people if you
have company coming over or if you have
a large family coffee lovers everywhere
turn to the French press for a beautiful
robust and aromatic cup of coffee simply
put you put the coffee grounds in the
bottom pour over hot water and four
minutes later you press it down and
enjoy so the Moka pot can be found in
most Italian homes it's a three part
coffee machine the bottom holds cold
water and the middle holds the coffee
grounds as the cold water heats up on
the stove the pressure forces itself
through the grounds creating a beautiful
cup of coffee that rivals any espresso
and whether it's the Moka pot or the
fully automatic coffee is an awesome
world that you should be diving
headfirst into
you